feat(curriculum): add steps for report card printer workshop (#64801)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-report-card-printer/694648acde178bb8202d9516.md

---
id: 694648acde178bb8202d9516
title: Step 9
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

The output is `False`, which shows that `score` is not an `int`.

> Another common kind of number in Python is `float`. Replace `int` with `float` in the `isinstance()` check to confirm this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another common kind of number in Python is `float`, which represents a number with decimals. Replace `int` with `float` in the existing `isinstance()` call check to confirm this.
```

Finally, print `score` and its data type to complete the report card. 

# --hints--

> Replacing `int` with `float`, print the result of `isinstance(score, float)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should replace `int` with `float` in the existing `isinstance(score, int)` call.
```

```js
assert(find_calls("print")[3].is_equivalent("print(isinstance(score, float))"));
```

You should print `score` and `type(score)` using a comma separator.

```js
assert(find_calls("print")[4].is_equivalent("print(score, type(score))"));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
name = 'Alice'
print(name, type(name))

is_student = True
print(is_student, type(is_student))

age = 20
print(age, type(age))

score = 80.5

--fcc-editable-region--
print(isinstance(score, int))

--fcc-editable-region--

```

> # --solution--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# --solutions--
```
